h1. jquery-paneslide

Paneslide is a jQuery plugin that slides a pane in from the left or right. Heavily influenced by and based on <a href="http://srobbin.com/jquery-plugins/pageslide/">jquery-paneslide</a> by Scott Robbin.

h2. Options

h3. speed

The speed at which the page slides over. Accepts standard jQuery effects speeds (e.g. 'fast', 'normal' or milliseconds). (default=200)

h3. position

Which side of the page should the pane be displayed on? Accepts 'left' or 'right'. (default='right')

h3. modal

By default, when paneslide opens, you can click on the document to close it. If modal is set to 'true', then you must explicitly close paneslide using $.paneslide.close(); (default=true)

h3. iframe

By default, linked pages are loaded into an iframe. Set this to false if you don't want an iframe. (default=true)

h3. href

Override the source of the content. Optional in most cases, but required when opening paneslide programmatically (e.g. <code>$.paneslide({ href: '#some-element' });</code> ) (default=null)

h3. maincontainer

The jQuery selector for a container that should be resized according to the width of the paneslide. (e.g. <code>$.paneslide({ maincontainer: '#gallery' });</code> ) (default=null)

h2. Setup

In the HEAD tag:
<pre><code><link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="jquery.paneslide.css"></code></pre>

Ideally, near the bottom of the page.
<pre><code><script type="text/javascript" src="https://ajax.googleapis.com/ajax/libs/jquery/1.7.1/jquery.min.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="jquery.paneslide.min.js"></script>
</code></pre>

To use, call paneslide on an <code><a></code> tag that either links to a page or an anchor of a hidden element.
<pre><code><script type="text/javascript">
    $('a').paneslide();
</script>
</code></pre>

Or, open paneslide programatically:
<pre><code><script type="text/javascript">
    $.paneslide({ href: '#some-element' });
    $.paneslide({ href: 'some-page.html' });
</script>
</code></pre>

To close paneslide programatically:
<pre><code><script type="text/javascript">
    $.paneslide.close();
</script>
</code></pre>